intermine/python/intermine-core/README.md, before:

The InterMine Python Webservice Client
=====================================

> An implementation of a webservice client 
> for InterMine webservices, written in Python

Who should use this software?
-----------------------------

This software is intended for people who make 
use of InterMine datawarehouses (ie. Biologists)
and who want a quicker, more automated way 
to perform queries. Some examples of sites that
are powered by InterMine software, and thus offer
a compatible webservice API are:

* FlyMine
* MetabolicMine
* modMine
* RatMine
* YeastMine

Queries here refer to database queries over the 
integrated datawarehouse. Instead of using 
SQL, InterMine services use a flexible and 
powerful sub-set of database query language
to enable wide-ranging and arbitrary queries.

Downloading:
------------

The easiest way to install is to use easy_install:

  sudo easy_install intermine

The source code can be downloaded from a variety of places:

* From InterMine

  wget http://www.intermine.org/lib/python-webservice-client-0.96.00.tar.gz

* From PyPi

  wget http://pypi.python.org/packages/source/i/intermine/intermine-0.96.00.tar.gz

* From Github

  git clone git://github.com/alexkalderimis/intermine-ws-python.git


Running the Tests:
------------------

If you would like to run the test suite, you can do so by executing
the following command: (from the source directory)

  python setup.py test

Installation:
-------------

Once downloaded, you can install the module with the command (from the source directory):

  python setup.py install

Further documentation:
----------------------

Extensive documentation is available by using the "pydoc" command, eg:

  pydoc intermine.query.Query

Also see:

* Documentation on PyPi: http://packages.python.org/intermine/
* Documentation at InterMine: http://www.flymine.org/download/python-docs http://www.intermine.org/wiki/PythonClient

License:
--------

All InterMine code is freely available under the LGPL license: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/lgpl.html 

Changes:
--------

0.98.13: Added query column summary support
0.98.14: Added status property to list objects
0.98.15: Added lazy-reference fetching for result objects, and list-tagging support
0.98.16: Fixed bug with XML parsing and subclasses where the subclass is mentioned in the first view.
         better result format documentation and tests
         added len() to results iterators
         added ability to parse xml from the service object (see new_query())
         improved service.select() - now accepts plain class names which work equally well for results and lists
         Allowed lists to be generated from queries with unambiguous selected classes.
         Fixed questionable constraint parsing bug which lead to failed template parsing
0.99.00  Fixed bug with subclasses not being included in clones 
         Added support for new json format for ws versions >= 8.
0.99.01  Better representation of multiple sort-orders.
0.99.02  Allow sort-orders which are not in the view but are on selected classes
0.99.03  Allow query construction from Columns with "where" and "filter"
         Allow list and query objects as the value in an add_constraint call with "IN" and "NOT IN" operators.
         Ensure lists and queries share the same overloading
0.99.04  Merged list.to_query and list.to_attribute_query in response to the changes in list upload behaviour.

Commit message:

Added more flexible query constraint options
Former-commit-id: 292542ea95e516c037f2fbc57d794c2f19da566c [formerly 6a374231f87d877c27eff36d4ea898ac1432c20d]
Former-commit-id: 59c20cec07c903757f801117092d18ded01e8991

intermine/python/intermine-core/README.md, after:

The InterMine Python Webservice Client
=====================================

> An implementation of a webservice client 
> for InterMine webservices, written in Python

Who should use this software?
-----------------------------

This software is intended for people who make 
use of InterMine datawarehouses (ie. Biologists)
and who want a quicker, more automated way 
to perform queries. Some examples of sites that
are powered by InterMine software, and thus offer
a compatible webservice API are:

* FlyMine
* MetabolicMine
* modMine
* RatMine
* YeastMine

Queries here refer to database queries over the 
integrated datawarehouse. Instead of using 
SQL, InterMine services use a flexible and 
powerful sub-set of database query language
to enable wide-ranging and arbitrary queries.

Downloading:
------------

The easiest way to install is to use easy_install:

  sudo easy_install intermine

The source code can be downloaded from a variety of places:

* From InterMine

  wget http://www.intermine.org/lib/python-webservice-client-0.96.00.tar.gz

* From PyPi

  wget http://pypi.python.org/packages/source/i/intermine/intermine-0.96.00.tar.gz

* From Github

  git clone git://github.com/alexkalderimis/intermine-ws-python.git


Running the Tests:
------------------

If you would like to run the test suite, you can do so by executing
the following command: (from the source directory)

  python setup.py test

Installation:
-------------

Once downloaded, you can install the module with the command (from the source directory):

  python setup.py install

Further documentation:
----------------------

Extensive documentation is available by using the "pydoc" command, eg:

  pydoc intermine.query.Query

Also see:

* Documentation on PyPi: http://packages.python.org/intermine/
* Documentation at InterMine: http://www.flymine.org/download/python-docs http://www.intermine.org/wiki/PythonClient

License:
--------

All InterMine code is freely available under the LGPL license: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/lgpl.html 

Changes:
--------

0.98.13: Added query column summary support
0.98.14: Added status property to list objects
0.98.15: Added lazy-reference fetching for result objects, and list-tagging support
0.98.16: Fixed bug with XML parsing and subclasses where the subclass is mentioned in the first view.
         better result format documentation and tests
         added len() to results iterators
         added ability to parse xml from the service object (see new_query())
         improved service.select() - now accepts plain class names which work equally well for results and lists
         Allowed lists to be generated from queries with unambiguous selected classes.
         Fixed questionable constraint parsing bug which lead to failed template parsing
0.99.00  Fixed bug with subclasses not being included in clones 
         Added support for new json format for ws versions >= 8.
0.99.01  Better representation of multiple sort-orders.
0.99.02  Allow sort-orders which are not in the view but are on selected classes
0.99.03  Allow query construction from Columns with "where" and "filter"
         Allow list and query objects as the value in an add_constraint call with "IN" and "NOT IN" operators.
         Ensure lists and queries share the same overloading
0.99.04  Merged 'list.to_query and 'list.to_attribute_query' in response to the changes in list upload behaviour.
0.99.05  Allow template parameters of the form 'A = "zen"', where only the value is being replaced.
0.99.06  Fixed bug whereby constraint codes in xml were being ignored when queries were deserialised.
0.99.07  Wed Jan 18 14:42:41 GMT 2012
         Fixed bugs with lazy reference fetching handling empty collections and null references.
0.99.08  Added simpler constraint definition with kwargs.
