docs/index.rst, before:

.. BovineMine documentation master file, created by
   sphinx-quickstart on Sun Sep  6 11:57:08 2015.
   You can adapt this file completely to your liking, but it should at least
   contain the root `toctree` directive.

Welcome to the BovineMine Tutorial!
======================================


**BovineMine** is a data mining warehouse for Bos taurus genome (UMD3.1.1 assembly), powered by InterMine.

Link to main site: 
http://bovinegenome.org/bovinemine

BovineMine integrates datasets from various data sources such as NCBI RefSeq, ENSEMBL, UniProt, GO annotations, EnsemblCompara, Homologene, Reactome.
Additionally, BovineMine also integrates datasets from http://www.bovinegenome.org.

Link to the available datasets in BovineMine:
http://bovinegenome.org/bovinemine/dataCategories.do

BovineMine is part of the **Bovine Genome Database** (BGD) and is funded by grant **2007-35616-17882 and 2010-65205-20407** from the **USDA National Institute of Food and Agriculture** and is hosted at the **University of Missouri**.


Contents:

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2

   introduction
   tutorial



Click `here <http://www.screencast.com/users/intermine/folders/InterMine/media/e8e3b7e6-b303-408d-bef3-f2cbb4ba722b>`_ for a video tutorial, created by FlyMine, which highlights the features of InterMine.


Indices and tables
==================

* :ref:`genindex`
* :ref:`modindex`
* :ref:`search`

Commit message:

Add YouTube Channel link; Update finding information

docs/index.rst, after:

.. BovineMine documentation master file, created by
   sphinx-quickstart on Sun Sep  6 11:57:08 2015.
   You can adapt this file completely to your liking, but it should at least
   contain the root `toctree` directive.

Welcome to the BovineMine Tutorial!
======================================


**BovineMine** is a data mining warehouse for Bos taurus genome (UMD3.1.1 assembly), powered by InterMine.

Link to main site: 
http://bovinegenome.org/bovinemine

Link to our YouTube Channel:
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UChGXUcLQyRYCGPGfqNJ-XBQ

BovineMine integrates datasets from various data sources such as NCBI RefSeq, ENSEMBL, UniProt, GO annotations, EnsemblCompara, Homologene, Reactome.
Additionally, BovineMine also integrates datasets from http://www.bovinegenome.org.

Link to the available datasets in BovineMine:
http://bovinegenome.org/bovinemine/dataCategories.do

The Bovine Genome Database is supported by the European Union's Seventh Framework Programme for research, technological development and demonstration under grant agreement no. 613689, and has been supported by grants 2007-35616-17882 and 2010-65205-20407 from the USDA National Institute of Food and Agriculture. BGD is hosted at the University of Missouri.  If you have comments or if you wish to report a problem, please contact the Bovine Genome Database Administrator.


Contents:

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2

   introduction
   tutorial



Click `here <http://www.screencast.com/users/intermine/folders/InterMine/media/e8e3b7e6-b303-408d-bef3-f2cbb4ba722b>`_ for a video tutorial, created by FlyMine, which highlights the features of InterMine.


Indices and tables
==================

* :ref:`genindex`
* :ref:`modindex`
* :ref:`search`
